feat(go): Modify docs to follow logger API changes (#14260)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/go/common/logs/index.mdx

## Requirements

> Logs in Go are supported in Sentry Go SDK version `0.33.0` and above. For using integrations of other log libraries, have a look at each specific page for more details on requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs in Go are supported in Sentry Go SDK version `0.33.0` and above. To use integrations with other logging libraries, check their specific documentation pages for detailed requirements.
```
